CommonMath Polished Docs (#519)
ORNL/GridKit: GridKit/Model/EMT/Component/Load/LoadZ/README.md

### Submodel Validation

The current is differential when the linear coefficient has full rank and

> algebraic when it is the zero matrix. No other coefficients are supported.

Reviewer: Simpler wording is better. Coefficient does not have a rank, it is a scalar parameter.
```suggestion
The current is differential variable when coefficient <coefficient name> is nonzero; it is algebraic variable otherwise.
```

Author: It is not a scalar parameter. I simplified the wording here [5a7d25c](https://github.com/ORNL/GridKit/pull/519/commits/5a7d25ca4d9b748bc8b43422f61c81d2e7403ddc).
